This song is sung by Mrs. Rady Noon on the banks of Cloudy in Springfield, Missouri.
June the 5th, 1939.
As I stepped out one evening T'was in the month of May Down by a flower garden I happened to stray I overheard a female When sorrow did complain Of a foreign absent lover
Who'd ploughed the distant mane.
I stepped up to her, I took her on surprise.
I knew she wouldn't know me, for I was in disguise.
Oh, where are you going, my own heart she liked.
Oh, where are you going, this dark and rainy night.
I'm hunting for a young man, young Johnny is his name.
On the banks of Floddy, I'm told he does remain.
On the banks of Floddy, if you would please to show.
And pity a poor female, for there I'm bound to go.
On the banks of Sladee, on which you now descend.
But never mind young Johnny, for he's a false young man.
Oh, never mind young Johnny, for he'll not meet you here.
Just stay with me in the greenwood, no danger need you fear.
If Johnny was here this night, he'd free me from all harm.
But he's on the field of battle dressed in his uniform.
He's on the field of battle for Honor Andres Gay.
The ship's been wrecked, so I've been told, all on her way from Spain.
When she heard this dreadful news, she fell into despair.
With wringing of her hands and tearing of her hair, saying, if Johnny's drunk, no other will I pay.
Through the lonesome hills and valleys, I'll rumble for this day.